# battle-game

My gd50 final project is a battle game. The name of this final project is Little Battle. This game is about a hero fight against the enemy to win. In this game, it has five game states which are start state, select state, play state, game over state and victory state. In select states, the players can choose the hero they want to play. In play state, the players should fight against the enemy by using this hero. The player can press up arrow, down arrow, right arrow and left arrow in the keyboard to move the player. The players can also press space to jump. If the player wanted to attack the enemy, the player should press m to hit the enemy. Then, the player can also use the hero’s power to attack the enemy which is more efficient to kill the enemy. The player can press n which the hero will generate a power ball to kill the enemy and press b which is the ultimate power of the hero. Please bear in mind that the MP which the magic power of the player will be substrated when the players use the power. On the contrary, the enemy cannot use any power to kill the player. However, the enemy will increase when the level of the stage is increasing. So, it will make this game harder and interesting. The enemy can attack the player. If the player was hit by the enemy, the health of the player will be substrated. If the health of the player becomes zero, the player will lose the game. The player can kill the enemy to go for the next level. If the level is higher than boss level, the player will win. After the player kills one of the enemy, the player is allowed to go for the next level so the player can avoid to fight against the enemy and win the game. The boss will appear in the boss level which is stronger than the normal enemy. Then, the player can also eat the heart or the stars that are generated randomly in the map. The player ate the heart can recover the health while the stars can recover the magic power.
